1、Document-oriented
    Instead of taking a business subject and breaking it up into multiple relational structures, MongoDB can store the business subject in the minimal number of documents. For example, instead of storing title and author information in two distinct relational structures, title, author, and other title-related information can all be stored in a single document called Book.
2、Ad hoc queries
    MongoDB supports search by field, range queries, regular expression searches.
3、Indexing
    Any field in a MongoDB document can be indexed (indices in MongoDB are conceptually similar to those in RDBMSes). Secondary indices are also available.
4、Replication
    MongoDB provides high availability with replica sets.[6] A replica set consists of two or more copies of the data. Each replica set member may act in the role of primary or secondary replica at any time. The primary replica performs all writes and reads by default. Secondary replicas maintain a copy of the data of the primary using built-in replication. When a primary replica fails, the replica set automatically conducts an election process to determine which secondary should become the primary. Secondaries can also perform read operations, but the data is eventually consistent by default.
5、Load balancing
    MongoDB scales horizontally using sharding. The user chooses a shard key, which determines how the data in a collection will be distributed. The data is split into ranges (based on the shard key) and distributed across multiple shards. (A shard is a master with one or more slaves.)
    MongoDB can run over multiple servers, balancing the load and/or duplicating data to keep the system up and running in case of hardware failure. Automatic configuration is easy to deploy, and new machines can be added to a running database.
6、File storage
    MongoDB can be used as a file system, taking advantage of load balancing and data replication features over multiple machines for storing files.
    This function, called GridFS,is included with MongoDB drivers and available for development languages (see "Language Support" for a list of supported languages). MongoDB exposes functions for file manipulation and content to developers. GridFS is used, for example, in plugins for NGINX[9] and lighttpd.[10] Instead of storing a file in a single document, GridFS divides a file into parts, or chunks, and stores each of those chunks as a separate document.[11]
    In a multi-machine MongoDB system, files can be distributed and copied multiple times between machines transparently, thus effectively creating a load-balanced and fault-tolerant system. 
7、Aggregation
    MapReduce can be used for batch processing of data and aggregation operations. The aggregation framework enables users to obtain the kind of results for which the SQL GROUP BY clause is used.
8、Server-side JavaScript execution
    JavaScript can be used in queries, aggregation functions (such as MapReduce), and sent directly to the database to be executed.
9、Capped collections
    MongoDB supports fixed-size collections called capped collections. This type of collection maintains insertion order and, once the specified size has been reached, behaves like a circular queue.


 This is different from a relational database in two significant ways. 
	Firstly, not all entries must adhere(卆現) to the same schema. 
	Secondly you can embed entries inside of one another.